update: mention kotlin-swing-coroutines as potentially necessary for Lifecycle and ViewModel (#149)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/compose/compose-lifecycle.md

>
{type="tip"}

> When using the Lifecycle library with Compose Multiplatform for Desktop,
> you might need to add the `kotlinx-coroutines-swing` dependency (see the [related GitHub issue](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-multiplatform/issues/4835)),
> for example:
> 
> ```kotlin
> implementation("org.jetbrains.kotlinx:kotlinx-coroutines-swing:1.8.1")
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Lifecycle.coroutineScope` is bound to `Dispatchers.Main.immediate` which might be unavailable on Desktop by default. To make it work correctly with Compose Multiplatform please add the `kotlinx-coroutines-swing` dependency. See [`Dispatchers.Main` docs](https://kotlinlang.org/api/kotlinx.coroutines/kotlinx-coroutines-core/kotlinx.coroutines/-dispatchers/-main.html) for details.
```
